hello everyone I know it's been a while
since I posted a cooking video but here
we are and we are going to cook prettily
this is one of the dishes that you see
at Korean barbecue and you have to order
it's super delicious very thinly sliced
beef marinated in an amazing sauce while
pouring means fire Koji means meat so
it's usually over a grill but a lot of
people can pan fry it at home you can
use tenderloin skirt steak or sirloin so
for this dish we are going to use a Kobe
beef and it's called to machine Koba to
machine in Korean after it's been
marinated to stir-fry it on the pan and
add some fresh onions on there to give
it a nice texture between the meat and
onions
super good you can also add talking
mushrooms or regular mushrooms that goes
really well as well with the meat and
that's it super easy dish
just look for for Gogi for the meat and
that's what you need it's also called
toons team in Korean so if you can read
Korean it's call to mission yeah so this
is a type of me and this is one talents
word so this recipe is going to be for
one pound if it's two pounds or more
just keep doubling the ingredients just
being the marinade we are going to use
comanche little pear and blend that
together with onions
and there you have it here marinated
beef also known as purple game enjoy
pops cus my mother because she's the
best cook ever and she's my inspiration
for why I love cooking in yeah nothing
mommy I love you mom thank you guys for
watching I hope you guys enjoyed this
one let me know if you have any
questions or comments down below and
don't forget to give me a thumbs up and
subscribe if you like my food and I will
see you guys tomorrow next recipe video
see you guys soon happy new year let me
know
Cheers
tastes like how she makes it at home I
feel like I'm at home I give it a thumbs
up